---
cards:
    - title: Kiss-Kiss
      text: >
        You must kiss another player of the opposite sex. If you take a
        shot, you may choose whom you kiss, otherwise the other players
        choose.
      flavor_text: Pucker up.
      requirements:
        - There are girls present

    - title: Tattoo
      text: >
        You must get a sharpie tattoo on your body drawn by another player.
        If you take a shot, you may choose where you get the tattoo.
      flavor_text: Mike Tyson

    - title: Never Have I Ever...
      text: Five strikes, loser drinks 5.

    - title: Beer Bitch
      text: >
        For the remainder of the game, you must get a beer or drink for any
        player who requests one.
      flavor_text: 80% of the time this is Joe.

    - title: Stoop Kid
      text: >
        You must sit on the stoop of the building for one round. Players will
        call you back into the room when it is your turn again.
      flavor_text: "Stoop kid's afraid to leave his stoop!"

    - title: Get out of Jail Free
      text: >
        You may use this card to save yourself or a fellow player from
        answering a question or participating in a card.
      flavor_text: "Don't abuse it."

    - title: T-Rex
      text: >
        You must hold your arms in the position of the infamous T-Rex for two
        rounds. Take a shot to make it last for one round.
      flavor_text: "I'm a jackoffasaurus rex!!!"

    - title: Remote Control
      text: >
        You now have the ability to control any other player with commands
        found on a remote control for one round.
      flavor_text: >
        Example: Players may be muted for a round.

    - title: Self-Explanatory
      text: Give someone a dollar or shotgun a beer or take a shot.
      flavor_text: Do it!

    - title: Taboo
      text: >
        Choose three words. Any player who says one of the three words drinks.
        This lasts for the remainder of the game.
      flavor_text: Card, Turn, Drink.

    - title: Self-Explanatory
      text: People wearing a different color shirt than you must drink 5.
      flavor_text: You learn to wear a brown button down shirt.

    - title: Dunce
      text: You must sit or stand facing the corner for one round.
      flavor_text: Give a shot if you wear a cone on your head.

    - title: Get Spanked
      text: >
        You must get spanked by another player. If you take a shot, you may
        choose which player spanks you.

    - title: Social
      text: Everyone drinks.
      flavor_text: Four aces!

    - title: No Names or Nicknames
      text: >
        If a player says another player's name or nickname, they drink 2. Lasts
        1 round.
      flavor_text: Hey, fuck face!

    - title: Self-Explanatory
      text: Finish your drink or take off an article of clothing.
      flavor_text: Depends on what you're drinking.

    - title: Copycat
      text: You must copy every player's card for one round.
      flavor_text: Good luck.

    - title: Dude
      text: You may only say "dude" for the remainder of the game.
      flavor_text: Dude!

    - title: Chug Challenge
      text: >
        You must challenge any player to chug a drink of your choice. The
        winner slaps the loser.
      flavor_text: "Challenge Brian, he's a bitch."

    - title: JG Wentworth
      text: You must open a window and yell "It's my money and I need it now".
      flavor_text: I really do!

    - title: Shoe Hands
      text: You must wear your shoes on your hands for one round.
      flavor_text: For kids!

    - title: Speak in an Accent
      text: >
        You must speak in an accent chosen by the other players for one round.
        Every time you speak without the accent you must drink.
      flavor_text: Smashing.

    - title: Self-Explanatory
      text: First person to laugh drinks 6.
      flavor_text: Knock knock.

    - title: Coin Flip
      text: Heads you drink five, tails you give 7.
      flavor_text: "If I flip this coin, what's the chance of me getting head?"

    - title: SLOOT
      text: >
        You must call a person of the opposite sex from your favorites or
        recently called numbers. The phone must be on speaker. Call them a sloot
        and hang up without explanation.
      flavor_text: "When a sloot is blowing me? Definitely not a bad thing. -- Thad Castle"

    - title: Pants Time Capsule
      text: >
        Every player puts one item in your pants. Your eyes must be closed,
        but players may hand you items so that you may place them in your own
        pants. At the end of the game, you may remove the items.
      flavor_text: We suggest ice.

    - title: Teamwork
      text: >
        Everyone must hold hands for an entire round. Hands may only be broken
        to allow a player to participate in another card.
      flavor_text: I'd like to lead you all in some swaying.

    - title: Swap
      text: >
        You must swap your shirt and pants. If you are unable or unwilling, you
        must reverse the order of clothing, i.e. underwear is now the top
        layer.
      flavor_text: Why do superheroes wear their underwear on the outside?

    - title: Ice Ice Baby
      text: You must hold an ice cube in each hand until they melt.
      flavor_text: Dum dum dum da da dum dum.

    - title: Player Count
      text: Count the number of players, then drink that many.
      flavor_text: Twelve.

    - title: Movie Train
      text: >
        Name a movie. The next player must name an actor in that movie. The
        next player must name a movie that the actor is in. Repeat pattern
        until someone loses.

    - title: Phone a Color
      text: >
        Call a friend, and ask them to name a color with no explanation.
        Everyone wearing that color must remove that article or clothing or
        take a shot per article of clothing they keep on.

    - title: Coaster Rule
      text: You must hold your drink in your hand for two rounds.
      flavor_text: "At least you can't get fingered..."

    - title: No Touch
      text: >
        You may not touch your legs or face for one round. Each touch is equal
        to one drink.
      flavor_text: Hopefully your eyes aren't itchy.

    - title: Sext and Tell
      text: >
        Send a sexually inappropriate text to someone of the opposite sex from
        favorites or recently texted numbers. Take a shot to choose what is
        texted, otherwise the other players decide.

    - title: Troll
      text: Sit under the table for one round.

    - title: You have been Turned to the Dark Side.
      text: >
        You must drink anytime someone else does for one round (except shots).
      flavor_text: We have cake!

    - title: Spin the Bottle
      text: Grab a bottle and give it a spin.
      flavor_text: Welcome back to middle school.

    - title: Misery Loves Company
      text: >
        You may choose a card that has already been played and give it to
        another player to repeat.

    - title: Reverse, Reverse!
      text: The game is now played in the opposite direction around the circle.

    - title: The Janitor
      text: >
        Clean the table of any empty drinks or food items for the rest of the
        game.
      flavor_text: It's Dr. Jan Itor.

    - title: The Understudy
      text: >
        You must now drink for the person on your left and right for one round.

    - title: Hobbit Leaving the Shire
      text: Grab three friends and take a lap around the building.
      flavor_text: "Hobbits don't wear shoes."

    - title: Stone Age
      text: >
        Turn off all electricity in the room (lights, music, phones, etc.).
        Lasts for two rounds.
      flavor_text: >
        Someday I want there to be an electric railroad in the stone age.

    - title: The Contest
      text: >
        Challenge any player to a contest of your choice. Loser must chug a
        beer.
      flavor_text: "Challenge Dan, he's a bitch."

    - title: Snake Eyes
      text: >
        Any time a player looks you in the eyes, they must drink one. Lasts for
        one round.

    - title: Sex Mannequin
      text: >
        Choose two players and place them in a sex position of your choice.
        Players must remain in position until it is one of their turns.
      flavor_text: The grasshopper.

    - title: Pregame
      text: "Drink before everyone else's turn for one round."

    - title: Cheers (Mothafucka)
      text: Everyone of your sex must drink 2.

    - title: Waterfall
      text: The player on your left starts the waterfall, ending with you.

    - title: New Best Friend
      text: >
        You must find another person to join the game. It may be a friend or a
        stranger. For every round the player is not present, drink 5.
      requirements:
        - You can find a stranger

    - title: Prohibition
      text: >
        No player may say anything related to alcohol for two rounds. Players
        who do must drink two per word. This means you can't say drink, drunk,
        alcohol types, or name brands.
      flavor_text: >
        We sell blocks of dried grapes. But don't put it in water and let it
        soak for two weeks, because then it would turn into wine, and that
        would be illegal.

    - title: Change of Cup
      text: >
        Players must decide on an unusual drinking container that you must use
        to drink from for the remainder of the game. The container may be
        cleaned before use.

    - title: Boob Tap
      text: Tap the nearest boob.
      flavor_text: Boop

    - title: In the Pocket
      text: >
        You must place your hands in the pockets of the players to your left
        and your right for one round.

    - title: TMNT
      text: >
        Name all four teenage mutant ninja turtles. Drink 4 for each turtle you
        miss.
      flavor_text: The rat's name is Splinter.

    - title: Paparazzi
      text: >
        Find a stranger and get a photo with them. If you fail to do so in one
        round drink 5.
      requirements:
        - You can find a stranger

    - title: Truth Card
      text: Last time you cried?
      flavor_text: :'(

    - title: Truth Card
      text: What is the most trouble you have been in with the law?

    - title: Truth Card
      text: >
        Name a person or celebrity of the same sex you would be gay or
        lesbian for.

    - title: Truth Card
      text: Most embarassing drunk story?

    - title: American Idol
      text: >
        Sing everything you say for one round. Drink one for everything not
        sung.

    - title: Homeless Man
      text: You have one round to collect 67 cents. Drink 7 if unable.

    - title: Maple Syrup Shot
      text: >
        Take a shot of maple syrup. In the unfortunate event that pure Vermont
        maple syrup is unavailable, a condiment of the other players' choice
        must be substituted.
      flavor_text: Better to drink Everclear than New Hamsphire maple syrup.

    - title: Chinese Fire Drill
      text: Everybody switch positions in the circle.
      flavor_text: Firetrucks don't stop for red lights.

    - title: Crush
      text: >
        Admit to having or have had a crush on someone in this room. Drink six
        if you refuse or haven't had a crush.

    - title: The Great Outdoors
      text: You must go outside the next time you have to use the restroom.

    - title: Heat Wave
      text: >
        Whatever you are drinking must be placed in the microwave for 20
        seconds. Use the appropriate containers (no cans in the microwave).

    - title: Moose
      text: Last person to put up antlers drinks 3.

    - title: Gingivitis
      text: All gingers must drink 3.

    - title: For the Love of Boy Bands
      text: >
        Other players choose a boy band from the 90s. Name all members. Drink
        four for every missed member.
      flavor_text: Everyone will get at least one person if you choose NSYNC.

    - title: Fall in
      text: >
        The players to your left and right must join you in standing at
        attention for one round. Drink four for any break in formation.

    - title: The Floor is Lava
      text: >
        The floor has become lava to you for one round. Drink three per touch.

    - title: Gettin' Fingered
      text: >
        Every person's drink who is one finger length from the edge of the
        table must drink 3.

    - title: Wild Card
      text: Make a rule of your choice.

    - title: Wild Card
      text: Make a rule of your choice.

    - title: Truth Card
      text: What would you say is each players' best attribute?

    - title: Wrong Number
      text: >
        Each player will give you a single digit to enter into your phone. Once
        you have seven digits, add your area code before and hit dial on
        speakerphone. For every minute on the phone with the stranger, you can
        give out five drinks to the other players. Take a shot beforehand and
        you may choose a different area code than your own.

    - title: Supersize That
      text: >
        For one round, every time you have to drink, you must drink twice that
        amount.

    - title: Mike Tyson
      text: >
        Get a tribal tattoo on your face. Take a shot and you can use a
        washable marker or eyeliner.

    - title: Starstruck
      text: >
        Name a famous actor or actress that has starred in numerous films.
        Starting with you, everyone must go around and name a movie they were
        in. The first person to fail to name a movie drinks three.

    - title: Over and Out
      text: >
        You must end every sentence with "over" for two rounds. Drink one for
        every missed over.

    - title: Bad Moonshine
      text: You must get blindfolded for one round.

    - title: Shut the Front Door
      text: Drink once for every time you swear. Lasts two rounds.

    - title: "Now That's Using your Head"
      text: Keep your forehead on the table for one round.

    - title: Name Chain
      text: >
        "You name a famous person. The next person names a famous person
        starting with the letter of the last name of the person previously
        said. The first person to mess up drinks four. Example: Bill Clinton,
        Clint Eastwood, Emma Watson, etc."

    - title: The Cow
      text: >
        In a double shot glass mix one shot of milk and one shot of alcohol of
        your choice.
      flavor_text: There's an easy way out of this.

    - title: Boy Meets World
      text: Call each girl in the room Topanga. Drink 3 every time you mess up.
      flavor_text: It's Toh-PAN-Ga you ignorant fool.

    - title: Chubby Cheeks
      text: >
        You must go to the fridge and place three items in your mouth. Take a
        shot to decide which objects, otherwise the other players choose. Items
        must remain in your mouth for one minute.

    - title: Professor Oak
      text: >
        You have become professor Oak. You may not say anything nice and you
        must be unnecessarily critical of everyone's actions and/or attire.
        Lasts one round.
      flavor_text: >
        This is my grandson. He's your rival. Uhh... what's his name again?

    - title: Blizzard Bra or Boxers
      text: >
        Go outside and place a snowball-size amount of snow in your boxers or
        bra. Take a shot and you can pick another player to join you.
      requirements:
        - Snow on the ground

    - title: Sobriety Checkpoint
      text: >
        You must pass three sobriety tests.
        
        1. Stand on one leg and count to ten without falling.
        2. The player on your left makes up a test.
        3. The player on your right makes up a test.

    - title: Sex Change
      text: >
        If you are a male, you must get eight fingernails painted. If you are a
        female, you must get a fake unibrow drawn on you. Take a shot, and
        males can get only three nails and females can get it drawn in
        eyeliner.
      flavor_text: Pointer and thumb-pinky.

    - title: "It's a Me, Mario!"
      text: >
        You must get a mustache that resembles Mario's. Take a shot and it can
        be drawn in washable marker or eyeliner.

    - title: What?
      text: >
        You may only speak in questions for one round. Drink once every time
        you mess up.

    - title: "World's Most Interesting Man"
      text: >
        You can only speak in terms of "I don't always ____, but when I do I
        ____" for one round. Drink two every time you fail.
      flavor_text: "I don't always play the deck, but when I do I black out."

    - title: Polyjuice Potion
      text: >
        You must get a cup and have everyone pour a splash of what they are
        drinking into your cup. Drink said cup of mixed drinks.

    - title: "Twi-Hard's Eternal Love"
      text: >
        Other players choose a player that you must sit in front of and stare
        into their eyes for one round. Drink one every time you lose eye
        contact.

    - title: "#Hashtag"
      text: >
        You must include the word "hashtag" in each sentence. Failures result
        in a drink.
      flavor_text: "Let me take a #selfie."

    - title: Electric Railroad
      text: >
        Everyone must put a hand on the ceiling. Everyone who takes a hand off
        of the ceiling (except for the last player) takes a shot.
      flavor_text: This is why the green line is late.

    - title: Massachusetts Hole
      text: >
        Everyone not from Massachusetts drinks 4.
      flavor_text: Fahk you.

    - title: Triple Dan
      text: >
        Do three shots of decreasing proof alcohol within ten seconds.
      flavor_text: Oppa Dan style.

    - title: Minister of Foreign Affairs
      text: >
        You are the only player allowed to communicate with people not playing
        the game for the rest of the game.
      flavor_text: The Secretary of State is the American equivalent.

    - title: Green Mountain Boys
      text: >
        Finish any unfinished drinks on the table.
      flavor_text: Leave no man behind.

    - title: The Royal We
      text: >
        You must refer to yourself in the majestic plural (e.g. We need a
        refill.) for three rounds. Drink every time you mess up.

    - title: No Pointing
      text: If you point you drink.
      flavor_text: "->"

    - title: Gecco
      text: >
        Everyone must place three limbs on a vertical surface. The last one to
        do so drinks 3.
      flavor_text: But does London dispersion forces doe.

    - title: Polite Society
      text: >
        Every time a player tells someone to drink, the player giving the
        drink must compliment the other player.

    - title: Diglett
      text: Dig deep and finish your drink.

    - title: Iced
      text: >
        Take a knee and chug a Smirnoff ice. If there is not one available, the
        other players decide what you drink.
      flavor_text: Pure Vermont maple syrup.

    - title: Panhandling
      text: Perform all actions in slow motion until your next turn.
      flavor_text: Root Beer

    - title: Permission
      text: >
        Whenever someone opens a drink, they must ask you for permission. If
        they forget, they must finish the drink.

    - title: Multitasking
      text: >
        Finish your drink while taking off your shirt (if your shirt is already
        off, you may take off another article of clothing). Any clothes you
        spill on must also be taken off.

    - title: Add a Card
      text: Add a card to the deck.
      flavor_text: Send your additions to deck@rchowe.com.

    - title: New Love
      text: >
        Kiss the player on your left on the lips. If you refuse, finish your
        drink and theirs. If they refuse, they finish their drink and yours.
      requirements:
        - There are girls present

    - title: Boring
      text: Spice up the game. Choose a player to remove an article of clothing.

    - title: Faptitude
      text: >
        Take a drink from the cup of each player you have masturbated to.

    - title: Question Master
      text: >
        For one round, players must answer any questions you ask in the form
        of a question. Drink two for each time they mess up.

    - title: The old Reddit Switcharoo
      text: Switch a piece of clothing with a player of your choosing.
      flavor_text: "Ah, the old Reddit Switcharoo."

    - title: Have you ever?
      text: Five drinks, everything must be explained. First one out must do a dare.
      flavor_text: It's like "Never Have I Ever" except you can ask things you have done.

    - title: Cup Check
      text: All players must keep one hand over their genitals for one round.

    - title: Love of Science
      text: >
        If you aren't a major in any field of chemistry, biology, physics, or
        math or you aren't single, drink.

    - title: Mad Men
      text: Put on nicer clothes and be unnecessarily mean to all women.

    - title: Less boring
      text: >
        For every shot you take, you may make another player remove an article
        of clothing.

    - title: Let it breathe
      text: >
        All players with zippers on their pants must unzip them now. Any player
        whose pants are already unzipped must drink 3.

    - title: Scout's Honor
      text: For one round, you must be completely honest.

    - title: Lose-Lose Situation
      text: Choose another card. All players must perform that card.

    - title: Carded
      text: If your ID is not on your person, take a shot.
      flavor_text: McLovin

    - title: Aced
      text: If you do not have an ace card on your person, remove your pants.

    - title: Slut card
      text: Drink once for every sexual partner you have had.
      flavor_text: Not that there's anything wrong with that.

    - title: Nay thou!
      text: >
        Every player must point at another player. The player with the most
        people pointing at him or her must drink 4.

    - title: Vodka for my ladies, Whiskey for a Grown Man
      text: >
        Men not drinking whiskey take a drink. Ladies drinking whiskey
        give a drink.

    - title: Lederhosen
      text: >
        Put on a pair of suspenders. If no suspenders are available, improvise
        suspenders.

    - title: Jersey Shore Style
      text: >
        The first person to stop fistpumping must get painted orange, have a
        six pack drawn on them, or have their hair geled up.
      flavor_text: GTL

    - title: Jinx
      text: >
        You are jinxed, and cannot speak. When someone says the name of someone
        who is jinxed, they are jinxed, and the person whose name is said is
        no longer jinxed.
      flavor_text: And you owe me a coke.

    - title: Tourettes
      text: >
        You must include a swear word in every sentence. Drink whenever the swear
        is the first or last word in the sentence.
      flavor_text: FUCK!

    - title: Rock Slide
      text: >
        Hide under a blanket until your next turn.
      flavor_text: It's super effective!

    - title: Rule
      text: Make a rule.

    - title: Lick!
      text: >
        The last person to lick someone takes three drinks. If nobody licks anyone,
        everyone takes four drinks.

    - title: Don't be Hatin'
      text: >
        Draw another card. Everyone must do what's on the card.

    - title: Gambling Man or Woman
      text: >
        Make a bet with another player. Bet at least two drinks.

    - title: Pokemon Test
      text: >
        Name as many of the original 15 pokemon types as you can in 15 seconds.
        Drink one for every type you miss, and if you miss 5 or more, finish your drink
        and your new name is Joey.
      flavor_text: >
        STIs are not like pokemon: you don't have to catch them all.

    - title: Carpool
      text: >
        Get in a crabwalk position. Choose any number of players to straddle
        you, and go to the other end of the room. Give out one shot for
        every player that does not fall off.
      flavor_text: I can see your undercarriage.

    - title: Shirt Ninja
      text: >
        You have become a ninja, and must wear your shirt as a ninja mask (over your head).
        Whenever someone looks into your eyes, they become the shirt ninja.
        
    - title: Big Red Bitch Bag
      text: >
        Find a paper bag, cut holes in it for eyes, and wear it.
      flavor_text: Respect the Bag
      
    - title: Ancient Chant
      text: >
        Force somebody else to drink straight from a handle or a fifth. If you can't, take 3 shots.
      flavor_text: "Who want to drink from the big container?"

    - title: Slow Clap
      text: >
        Whenever you make eye contact with somebody, you have to slow clap for 10 seconds.
      flavor_text: Best Slab Ever
    
    - title: Mr. Pinchy
      text: >
        You must stand up and hold your hands up as lobster claws for one round.
      flavor_text: Dr. Bloopy says that this may be beneficial for your back.
    
    - title: Man in the Mountain
      text: >
        You have to stand with your back against the wall for one round.
    
    - title: YOOOOOOUUUUU!
      text: >
        Every time you talk to somebody, you must point to them with both hands and say YOU!
      flavor_text: Crank that Soulja Boy

    - title: Only Socks
      text: >
        You must remove all of your clothing except for your socks (but you can wear your socks
        anywhere you want).
      flavor_text: I don't stuff.
      
    - title: Color Shot
      text: >
        Take a shot and choose a color. All players must remove all clothing of that color.